---
title: Back from the USA! Also, site launch party.
date: '2018-10-27'
section: blog
shortdesc: general
---

Gotten back from my roadtrip in the USA this Tuesday! West coast was an amazing place to explore.

Had the following route:  
**Los Angeles** -> **Las Vegas** -> **Phoenix** -> **San Diego** -> **Los Angeles**

Especially recommend San Diego and the towns between it and Los Angeles, really laid back and the weather will be awesome most of the time! 😎

We only had two weeks for this and had a wedding in Phoenix in the middle of the trip, but it felt we had just enough time to see what we wanted and do what we wanted.

Except I did not get to surf.  
Next time I'll make sure that happens 😄

### On the other news

My site is finally live! 🥓🎉🎈🎉🎈🥓

I registered a domain just before the trip for this site and this week I have had the time to finalize this _masterpiece_.

It is generated by the "_🔥 Blazing fast modern site generator 🔥_ " [Gatsby](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/) (v2). It's running **React** and **GraphQL** for build-time fetching of data (site metadata, markdown like this blogpost etc).

[Netlify](https://www.google.com) deploys it for me when I push stuff into **GitHub** so I can add to my blog anywhere where I just have a text editor and a connection to Git. It's pretty cool if you ask me.

Overall experience working with the two in combination is superb. Things just work. For these kind of personal websites I could not recommend them more.

Some stuff like comments on my posts I have yet to do research on how to implement. It's a static site so I guess I have to get a external provider for client-side messaging. Maybe the topic of my next post.

I already tried creating some components with the new React 16.7 [hooks](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-intro.html) for the site, but for some reason the new lifecycle-method replacement hook `useEffect()` won't get called in my functional components at all, so I gave up for now. Hope they'll be working soon because it looks like an awesome change to me!

But that's enough for this time, I'll write again in the near future! 😎
